Hello my friends
we are here to show or be a novelty is not new is a
science curiosity
the numbers
I observe science, she is passionate.
we use that every year
in physics world today 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 stopped maneuvers
for the sindimed the Muslims
already used in the basement
three sticks in to popalzai the world a value that is the frame the single we because
so on
the Arabs as to zara these numbers sooner their origin is modic
messiahs that I know how to do the counts after this new
commercial accounting
pay close attention
have you ever stopped because if I follow here it represents
and I'm still here
because on day 2 it happened already
it's interesting
It will be funny in the city.
the romance is easy
What is the logic behind the attacks?
or finishes
because it is a tissue the physical q2
pay close attention
very simple
this is all about damage
in old mathematics
pay close attention
it's for love
the number 1 only has one year number two in two years number three in three years
and so on and the 0 have used up to one billion your testimonials are
because then because I do not have lunch I can show
in that election
Note how the picture is worth a thousand words the number 1 in the world if
here he is only one year old
the number 2 in two years number three in three years number 4 in 4 years
number five arh are five years number six are six years number seven
are seven years number eight podiums up him peacock drill belém the number
nine are 90 students
and the 0 the 0 by the union
It's not fantastic, it's passionate. It's all about science, it's beautiful.
That's for real. We're all for you.